DAN: My whole world changed one day
when all these random cards
started raining down everywhere!
At first they seemed harmless enough
so a bunch of us kids
invented this cool new game...
That's when we realized
those cards weren't so harmless after all!
They were packed with incredible powers
from another world!
My name is Dan, and together with my friends,
Runo...
Marucho...
Julie...
Not to mention Mr. Hotshot himself, Shun...
And Alice, we are...
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers!
Bakugan!
One goal... two worlds!
\u266a What are you going to do?
\u266a The odds are stacked against you \u266a
\u266a Back against the wall
\u266a Gotta give it your all...
\u266a Ah ha ah ha
\u266a this is the final stand
\u266a the power's in your hand
\u266a Two worlds collide
\u266a On the inside
\u266a You gotta fight for what's right \u266a
\u266a Before it's gone, gone, gone \u266a
\u266a This is BAKUGAN!
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers in \"You're Going Down, Clown!\"
DAN: All of us Brawlers are in the Doom Dimension
and we're being put through a series of tests
by the Legendary Six Soldiers of Vestroia.
So far, Shun, Marucho, Julie and Runo
have passed their tests with flying colors.
Now it's my turn!
[screaming]
DRAGO: Daniel! Daniel!
Can you hear me?
Wake up!
DAN: Ah man, talk about freaky!
Where the heck are we?
DRAGO: I do believe this place may have been
created by the Six Legendary Soldiers of Vestroia
to be your test.
Now what?
This is gettin' freaky!
Real freaky!
Apollonir!
Hey, ya mind tellin' me what's the deal?
Please observe...
[\u266a]
All your friends have succeeded in their trials
overcoming various hurdles set before them.
Some were more difficult than others,
but all remained determined to win!
And their prize for victory?
Each of their Bakugan in turn evolved.
And each of your friends
were taught a lesson along the way.
Lessons they shall carry with them for a lifetime.
Now it is your turn, young Dan.
My turn for what?
To help me further evolve.
You are quite right, Drago.
Shall we begin?
Excuse me, please!
But I don't need any ' life lesson' , my friend!
[laughter]
Please forgive me, but I beg to differ.
You especially are most in need of one.
How I envy the ignorance of youth!
What in the world?
[laughter]
Show yourself, creep!
Just who do you think you areeee...
That's gonna leave a mark!
You must battle him!
Huh?
Your test is to defeat him and if you succeed,
you, your friends and their Bakugan shall be set free
from the Doom Dimension.
For real?
[laughter]
Daniel!
What could be so hard about beatin' a stupid clown?
C'mon Drago!
DRAGO: Wait!
Huh?
I don't think I like this, Drago...
DRAGO: You don't have to tell me twice.
[chuckle]
Now that you're here, shall we begin?
So let me get this straight.
My test is to beat Bozo, right?
And if I kick his butt,
we all get sent back to our world!
That is correct.
Okay, let's get this party started!
I want to pass this dorky test as quick as I can!
Gate Card Open!
Oh, and that goes right there in the corner...
[\u266a]
Man, this is so cool...
my new home...
Ah, no way!
Alice?
ALICE: I'm sorry I'm the only one
in the welcoming committee, Joe, but...
I'm so glad you moved into our neighborhood!
I guess everyone else is still in the Doom Dimension...
I-I feel so...
so useless...
I... wish I could help...
Yeah... me too...
but all we can do is
just hope everyone makes it back home safely...
Boy, I sure wish I was down there to help them battle...
How come you didn't go with them, Alice?
Hmm?
It just seems really weird to me...
I mean, you're like the smartest Brawler around...
I know this is going to sound dumb...
but I don't really know the answer to that...
It's like, something was holding me back.
Joe!
Yeah mom, I'll be right there...
I better...
get going, I've got stuff to do, Joe...
I'll catch you later.
Nice seeing you again!
Hi Mrs. Brown...
THINKING: Whoa, something's weird...
Let the battle commence!
[laughter]
Impossible!
He's got a Pyrus Dragonoid too!
BAKUPOD: Calculating new battle score.
Okay Dan, just stay focused...
Bakugan Brawl!
Drago Stand!
Pyrus Mantris!
Hmph!
I believe destiny lies in our hands...
Begin!
[laughter]
Whoa! Another Pyrus Dragonoid!
BAKUPOD: Power Level increase to 440 G's.
But how can there be a duplicate?
I do believe it's your move!
Or are you ready to surrender?
No way, Chump!
There's no way I'm gonna lose to some hack clown!
Bakugan Brawl!
Pyrus Griffon Stand!
BAKUPOD: Pyrus Griffon has entered battle.
Ability Activate!
Fire Tornado!
BAKUPOD: Griffon Power Increase by 100 G's.
Yes!
[snaps fingers]
DAN: What?
A Character Card?
BAKUPOD: Dual Dragonoid Increase to 580 G's.
Ah man...
I am gettin' whooped!
[loud roar]
Oh really?
Why that is...
...so interesting.
I'll have to try that recipe...
Mommy! Mommy! Look!
A flying saucer! A flying saucer!
Now Lyle, you know what your father and I told you
about telling stories...
But mommy!
[quiet cry]
[\u266a]
Whoa!
What's going on?
Bakugan?
You must not allow Naga to obtain the Infinity Core!
The future of Vestroia is in your hands!
Wavern?
It is you!
And don't worry...
everything will be alright!
[humming]
[rapid breathing]
[gasp]
Oh no! Alice!
More Bakugan Battle Brawlers
coming up after these messages!
Now back to Bakugan Battle Brawlers!
Let the battle begin!
[laughter]
BAKUPOD: New battle recognized.
Ha!
You call that strategy?
Gate Card Open!
Level One, Activate!
My Level One Ability drops your power by 100 G's!
BAKUPOD: Level One Ability Activation failure
No!
For some reason it's not working!
I can't boost my power up!
I gotta come up with a plan and fast!
[roar]
-What the? -Such a child!
Outdone by his own strategy!
[laughter]
Alice!
Alice, are you okay?
Oh... Christopher...
Just stay put!
I'll go and see if I can get someone to help!
Christopher! Wait!
I'm okay...
I think I just need to sit here for a minute...
You sure?
CHRISTOPHER: This is my secret fort, Alice.
My dad and I built it when I was a kid.
He calls it my \"fortress of solitude!\"
What you got there, Christopher?
These are my Bakugan...
I hide them up here to make sure they're safe.
[chuckle]
Cool...
Anyhow, you should rest...
Just hang out here until you feel better.
Yeah, I think I'll do that...
And Christopher? Thank you...
Hey...
can I get you some water or something?
Okay...
No problem!
I'll be back in a flash, Alice!
[chuckle] Aw...
WAVERN: The positive energy that the Infinity Core emits
is the source of all life.
Any living thing that comes in contact
with the Infinity Core's energy,
immediately draws it in and amazing things happen!
Some are simple and pure...
While others are so amazing,
they could even be called miracles.
Everything needs this energy to survive...
But because the energy is so powerful,
it has been hard for me to harness it
and move around freely in your world.
And that's why I have come to you, Joe.
I need your help.
I get all that, but why me?
Because I know your wish
is to battle along side your friends.
Ohh....
I really don't know how she knew that,
but somehow she did...
And I've come back to battle with you.
To stop Naga from destroying not only Vestroia,
but your world too!
It's a battle we must win!
MASQUERADE: Sorry, but that's not going to happen!
Masquerade!
I came here to get the Infinity Core.
I'm back!
And I brought you your water, Alice!
And I got you some other stuff to make you feel a bit...
I wonder where she went?
DAN: Let's do this, Drago!
Bakugan... Brawl!
Drago Stand!
[loud roar]
BAKUPOD: New Battle has commenced.
[laughter]
[snaps fingers]
DAN: Cheering Battle Ability?
But... But that's my move!
[chuckling]
And now to double up my Dragonoid!
[laughter]
[loud roar]
DAN: Ah, man, not good!
Cheering Battle Ability lets him add another identical
Bakugan into battle!
BAKUPOD: Double Dragonoid Power increase to 530 G's.
[grunt]
[pained grunt]
Let me know if you plan to put up a defense, human!
Watch and learn, pal!
Go Drago!
Ability Activate!
D Strike Attack!
[loud roar]
BAKUPOD: Drago Power Increase to 650 G's.
[\u266a]
[pained cry]
Ha!
So what do you think of my defense now?
This is far from over, Daniel!
Now it's my turn to play!
[laughter]
Now it's personal!
We're toast!
DRAGO: You just might be right!
In battle form,
Apollonir is the most powerful Dragonoid Bakugan!
Well, what are you waiting for?
A formal invitation?
Let's get this over with!
Dan!
Yeah!
Let's show him our stuff!
Here we go, Drago!
Bakugan Brawl!
Drago Stand!
[loud roar]
BAKUPOD: Sensing new battle.
[\u266a]
Calculating power...
If defeating you is the only way to save Vestroia,
then that is my quest!
Even if you are the most powerful Dragonoid,
I will not fail!
D Strike Attack!
I applaud your courage, Drago,
but your attack is weak!
[laughter]
APOLLONIR: Maximum Pyrruuuusssssss!
[Dan screams]
[loud roar]
[\u266a]
Drago?
DAN: Man, Drago and I
sure have been through a lot together...
No matter who we battled, we gave it our all!
Let's do this, Drago!
I know this is gonna sound dumb, but,
it's like Drago and I battle as one...
We can read each other's minds
and anticipate each others moves.
It's totally cool!
You're number one in my books, Drago!
But ever since Masquerade sent us
to the Doom Dimension,
we've never faced a bigger battle
than we are right now!
[snaps fingers]
Hang in there!
[Drago screams]
We can't lose!
We gotta win!
It's our only way out of the Doom Dimension!
BAKUPOD: Battle Power Levels near maximum.
C'mon Drago...
Who cares if that bag of scales
is the most powerful Dragonoid!
We can do this!
Time to pull out my ace!
Fusion Ability!
BAKUPOD: Drago Power Increase to 1350 G's.
DAN: D Strike Extreme!
[\u266a]
[loud roar]
APOLLONIR: Must resist...
But the strength of the bond between human and Bakugan
is much too powerful to defeat!
[\u266a]
DRAGO: Dan... Can you hear me?
Wake up, Dan!
Wake up!
We must be on our guard, Dan.
This is still the world created
by the Legendary Soldiers of Vestroia.
Now what?
I have witnessed your strength, human
and I am impressed.
I entrust you with our mission.
Thank you, Apollonir,
but if you will allow me one question...
After battling the Legendary Soldiers of Vestroia,
the other Bakugan from earth all evolved.
I, however, after passing my trial, have not.
Why?
ANGRILY: Why have I not evolved further?
Easy...
In order to save our universe,
to keep the Infinity Core away from Naga,
we must evolve!
We all must become the Ultimate Bakugan
if we are to succeed in this battle!
The simple answer is,
you have one more hurdle to overcome, Drago.
Oh come on, you've gotta be kiddin'?
Ah man, not you again?
You bug me!
Runo!
[\u266a]
Marucho!
Julie!
Shun!
Once you have defeated your friends,
only then will your Dragonoid be able to evolve
into the Ultimate Bakugan!
No! That is totally unacceptabl!
No Drago...
If it's the only way to evolve, we do it!
[pained cry]
Hey, this is Dan and coming up on the next Bakugan Brawlers
we finally check out of the Doom Dimension
and return to our world.
That's because we all passed our tests
handed out by the Six Legendary Soldiers of Vestroia.
And boy, I'm glad to be home!
But wait!
Is that Joe taking on Masquerade?
Ah man, what's been happening here
while we've been gone?
Only one way to find out and that's to check out
the next episode of Bakugan Battle Brawlers!
Bakugan Brawl!
Alright!